In this module,
we introduced encryption and the differences between encryption
and transit, or over the network, and at rest,
which is data stored on a disk in the cloud.
We looked at S3 in depth and discussed its default encryption options,
as well as options for customer managed keys, where AWS still performs
the encryption, and client‑side encryption, where the data is sent to
AWS already encrypted. We looked at other AWS services and how they
generally require you to enable encryption at the time you're creating
a new resource.
Then we looked at the AWS Key Management Service and
created a new customer master key.
We talked about how a master key can be used to generate a
data key to perform envelope encryption,
which is useful whenever you need to encrypt more than 4 KB worth of data.
And finally, we discussed CloudHSM,
which may be useful if you have a requirement to use a
dedicated hardware security module.
You are well on your way to mastering the data protection elements
of the AWS Certified Security ‑ Specialty exam.
I'll see you in the next module, where we will discuss secure parameter storage. Come back soon.